_documentation/log.md, before:

# Changelog
- problem oldugunda todoya fix: ile ekle
- date format dd-mmm-yyyy 10-Oct-2022

# Keys - Discretized Actions 2.1
- org: organization, decisions, notebook changes
    - org: general
    - ins: instructional / documentation
    - abs: upper scale system report
    - arch: architectural, framework change, tryout

- addition: new feature, function, data
    - add: general
    - fun: function, feature
    - dat: content / data
    - lib: adding new third party library

- change: change on existing code
    - chg: general
    - ref: refactoring / modular architecture
    - set: settings change
    - sty: stylistic change
    - tun: tuning on values
    - fix: fix a bug or problem | compatibility
    - del: deleted
    - prog: upgrade, progress

- other
    - oth: general
    - std: study, learn, test
    - wip: work in progress / unfinished work
    - mix: multiple additions
    - test: testing

# Todo

# Procedure
- log updates
- check todo
- check commitments
- update version and date
- update timelog
- push

# Log 
- [todo]

- [0.12] script testing
    - 02-Oct-2024 script testing

- [0.11] reset cmakelists to minimal
    - 02-Oct-2024 reset cmakelsits

- [0.10] create template repository
    - 02-Oct-2024 add template repository

Commit message:

script for binaries and build

_documentation/log.md, after:

# Changelog
- problem oldugunda todoya fix: ile ekle
- date format dd-mmm-yyyy 10-Oct-2022

# Keys - Discretized Actions 2.1
- org: organization, decisions, notebook changes
    - org: general
    - ins: instructional / documentation
    - abs: upper scale system report
    - arch: architectural, framework change, tryout

- addition: new feature, function, data
    - add: general
    - fun: function, feature
    - dat: content / data
    - lib: adding new third party library

- change: change on existing code
    - chg: general
    - ref: refactoring / modular architecture
    - set: settings change
    - sty: stylistic change
    - tun: tuning on values
    - fix: fix a bug or problem | compatibility
    - del: deleted
    - prog: upgrade, progress

- other
    - oth: general
    - std: study, learn, test
    - wip: work in progress / unfinished work
    - mix: multiple additions
    - test: testing

# Todo

# Procedure
- log updates
- check todo
- check commitments
- update version and date
- update timelog
- push

# Log 
- [todo]

- [0.13] script for binaries and build
    - 03-Oct-2024 script for binaries and build

- [0.12] script testing
    - 02-Oct-2024 script testing

- [0.11] reset cmakelists to minimal
    - 02-Oct-2024 reset cmakelsits

- [0.10] create template repository
    - 02-Oct-2024 add template repository
